Clarifying the behavior of the UX when a device is not supported (#9330)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/enable-troubleshooting-mode.md

   :::image type="content" source="../../media/ts-mode-menu.png" alt-text="Turn on troubleshooting mode" lightbox="../../media/ts-mode-menu.png":::

> [!NOTE]

> > The **Turn on troubleshooting mode** option is available on all devices, even if the device does not meet the pre-requisites for troubleshooting mode.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Turn on troubleshooting mode** option is available on all devices, even if the device does not meet the prerequisites for troubleshooting mode.  
```
